Well, good evening, family. It's kind of a rough day for some folks.
When something like this happens, it's really sad for our nation.
It's sad for the people. We pray for Charlie's wife and his kids.
And we know where Charlie's at. Charlie's with Jesus. To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
And we're so grateful that I don't believe there was any suffering, but we pray for the comfort for his wife right now and for his children.
It's a very sad day for them. When you see somebody going through that and you have little kids of your own, it's just overwhelming, isn't it?
The grief and the compassion that you have for somebody and you don't even know them, but as just as a brother in the Lord, you just pray for them.
You pray for them because they're going through something really hard right now. They're going through that valley of the shadow of death.
His wife is right now, the storms of life, the refining fire, the things that just sucker punch when you woke...
Like I tell you all the time, the very shoes you put on today, the morgue might be taking them off tomorrow.
I mean tonight when you get... and you not make it home. Let me say that again.
The very shoes you put on today to go to do what you're going to do, the morgue might be taking them off that evening.
And it's very important that you all know that we're in very trying times like everybody can see right now, uncertain times.
And no one's ever promised tomorrow. It's appointed unto man once to die and after that the judgment.
I say that over and over and over to warn you of how serious the times are that we're living in right now.
And when I put out the video today to warn the body of Christ that it was time for them to have a backbone like a crowbar, it was a refresher to warn you what I've given these words in June the 15th that the church needs to rise up and be the church like we've never been before.
That we have authority over all of the principalities and the powers and the spiritual wickedness in high places.
When I'm telling you by the spirit of God what the Lord is warning me as a watchman sitting out on the wall telling you what's coming, I'm not trying to scare you.
I'm trying to prepare you, like I've said a thousand times. But as we see a brother in the Lord be murdered and something so tragic happened, the Lord warned us that there was three other men that we should pray for too.
From Don Jr. to other ministers of the gospel that the Lord has showed us of these tragic events, right, that this would be a sign of them trying to combat the amendment.
An uprising of these things for a great distraction, for great turmoil in the spirit realm is what I've been seeing even with September to remember and even what the Lord was showing us about the shot heard around the world.
It was specifically called, 'The shot was heard around the world.'That's what I saw in the news headlines.
It was on the papers. It was on the TVs. When I was praying with you that day, I saw the shot heard around the world and it was big.
And just like today's happened, it's in the headlines just like the Lord showed me.
Well, I look at his life as a tragic fail of... say we didn't pray for him.
We should have been praying more on this channel. We should be praying more.
A prayer fail is what I'm talking about. This should not happen.
I truly believe we have power and authority, that we pray over this stuff and that we intercede for our loved ones and we intercede as a church to cover our people in prayer so that no weapon formed against them will prosper.
Now, we live in a fallen world and things happen. And when things happen, we stay on God's side regardless of...
'Well, why did God let this happen?'I don't believe God let this happen.
I don't know Charlie's heart at that point. I don't know what the Lord was speaking to him this morning. Nobody does.
But I always choose to stay on God's side even whenever I don't understand why what happened happened.
Stay on the good side and say, 'Father, I thank you, Lord, that Charlie's life doesn't go in vain.
Father, that his life meant something to so many people and, Father, I thank you that we take the baton and we speak for what's right and what's truthful and what will prevail is God's goodness, God's mercy through a tragic event.'Now we thank the Lord for his life.
He was a blessing. He was a blessing, and his wife, we pray for her, we pray for his children.
Like I said, it is very sad. But there's work to be done and that's what we're here to do. Charlie would want us to go on and fight the good fight.
I know, as I watch his videos, Charlie would want us to stand up like a backbone, like a crowbar. That's what he stood for, was to be bold. He was bold.
I'm telling you, I've never seen anybody stand up and say the things that he said and was as bold as a lion. He wasn't a coward at all.
I admire that man for what he stood for and how he stood for it, and he didn't sway away for public opinion.
And when somebody came and challenged him and was like, 'You know, this is what I believe,'he would always come back right, bam, with scripture or whatever, and it was like amazing to watch somebody with that much intellect.
He was so quick on his feet on how he could talk that it challenged me. I told Dad, I said, 'Man, he was witty, boy.
He could talk, he had a way with his words, he was smart.'And, you know, it's a tragic loss, but I believe that what the devil meant for bad, God's going to turn around for good, and we have more Charlies out there that can come and rise up and be that and carry that baton.
Don't let his legacy die with him. It's time that the church rise up and be as bold as what he was and stand, just like what he did, for what's right and what's truth and what's godly.
Even in the midst of the storm, he stood for what was right. And I've never seen him back away or sway from anything that he said in any of his videos.
He was never a coward. He was never limp-wristed. He was bold.
And, like I said, that's amazing to me, especially in this day and age with all the political correctness.
So, one thing I have to say tonight is that we pray for Don Jr., we pray for his daughter, we pray for President Trump, we pray for the ministers of the gospel that I've told you that have huge platforms.
For the enemy would try to bring in fear through mass casualty shootings and things like that to try to get people to not want to go to the revivals and meetings that are in the days ahead.
That was the plan to come against the amendment going into 2026 for the year of the fix. The Lord showed me, and I know it rhymes.
I don't get on the Christian cliche, the weirdness of what rhymes and the prophetic rhyming.
I'm telling y'all, I'm just black and white, but I hear these things and I just repeat what I'm hearing the spirit of the Lord say.
So, I'm not trying to rhyme and it's not trying to be a cute slogan. I'm trying to tell you what the spirit of the Lord said.
And he told me, he said, 'You must pray over your elections in 2026, for this will be midterm and concerning the governor's race.
You must pray for who's in leadership over your area. For this is a strategic plan, for there will be major events coming.
A shaking to awaken is coming, and many people are still asleep.'And the Lord tells us that all the time.
How many times has the Lord warned us over and over and over again?
The church is asleep. It's time to wake up, church. It's time to wake up.
And the Lord warned us. He said it would be the shot heard around the world. And it echoed through me.
And I said, "What?"And he said, "There will be a major event that everything will change in a 24-hour period.
You must pray and get the church to wake up. You must yell on the mountain tops and tell them that Jesus Christ is coming."And I do it.
I do it every time I'm on these videos to warn y'all. But as we see this terrible, tragic event, the Lord warned us about 9/11 is tomorrow.
And I do not believe that this was a coincidence today, the day that it was picked.
I believe this was a statement from the evil people. This was a statement.
This is like whenever you're making your statement. It's about 9/11.
Tomorrow's 9/11. It's not a coincidence is what I'm trying to tell you.
People of darkness cannot stand the light of what Trump stands for.
And I'm not trying to be political is what I'm trying to tell y'all. I stand for Jesus. I'm not Republican or Democrat.
I'm for Jesus, but I vote Republican because of what they stand for.
Do you understand what I'm saying? And so, I'm grieved today, you know.
I took the time instead of being quick to talk, and even like this, I was hesitant to even make this video right now, but I felt there's so many people asking me, "Brandon, will you please pray?
Will you please pray for our nation? Will you please do a live today?"And I took some time.
I know it's like really late here now, but I told her, I said, "Instead of bypassing this time, we should pray as a family.
We should come together and we should intercede for our nation, and we'll take communion together. We'll pray for his wife.
We'll pray for his children and his relatives, or whoever is involved is grieving."I'm sure everybody, just like the nation, is.
And that's what we're going to do. And we're going to pray for President Trump's safety going to the New York Yankees game.
It was interesting in that video. It was strategic even whenever I told you all to pray about the New York stadium, and even the throat. A lot of people pointed that out.
I said, "This person, whenever I saw the officer who looked like a police officer, he was shot in the throat."And I thought that was really strange.
I thought, "Is this a type and shadow?"Not everything when I see it is a type and shadow is what I'm saying.
Sometimes it's not always just black and white. This is what you're seeing.
You know, a certain preacher, a minister, a major figure in the body of Christ.
It's these things. Do you see what I'm saying? It's symbolic.
And sometimes whenever I'm seeing in the spirit, you're seeing symbolically what the Holy Spirit is warning you.
And it's not black and white, because if I came out and just said that strategically about every single thing, it's not about looking at me.
How accurate is that? "Brandon said this and Brandon said to people to turn their eyes towards me."It's to attract and deflect it to Him.
This is about giving Jesus all the glory in anything you see or hear.
I decrease that He increase. I don't care about all that crap.
And that's just what I think it is. Publicity and public opinion change with the wind.
All of it. You like somebody one minute, then you don't. So that's not what we're here for.
We're here to make sure you understand that Jesus Christ is coming and that we are in the end of the end of the end.
And because of that, we're seeing the birthing pains. We're seeing signs.
And they say, "Well, this missile hit some kind of ball of light over the ocean."And I warned you about balls of light.
I told you that there would be signs coming that look like spaceships, and it was demonic, but there was a mother ship and it was demonic.
It's a great deception, and the Lord warned us about these things that are coming.
He said the great deception's coming and man's hearts will fail them for fear and looking after those things that are coming on the earth.
The powers of heaven will be shaken. You're going to see signs in the heavens, signs in the earth.
You're going to see a great cleaning of the house in the church. You're going to see all these things.
The Lord warned us and told us, for judgment begins in the house of the Lord first, and we're seeing all that as we see all this stuff progress. September is a hot month.
I told you it was circled with a fog over it, and the Lord said, "You must pray over the month of September."And we—I've been warning you about this since, I believe, March.
March was the first vision I started to see about September.
And here we have a major event that just took place today, very sad.
But this is not it. I believe this is a distraction. I believe this is a sleight of hand.
"Look over here."Remember I told you all, "Look over here,"as they're doing something over here.
And many people say, "What are you trying to say about the hypnotic wheel?"The hypnotic wheel. What does a hypnotic wheel do? It's black and yellow.
And it was being spun, and everybody was watching it, even through the media and everything else, and it said, "Watch, it's spinning."Many people do not realize what's happening over here as they're doing something over here.
What is today about? It's bigger than this rally. It's bigger than this.
It represents something. And so that's why you cannot just look at it as being close to the trees.
You must back away prophetically from the lens of things and get away from the trees and be able to look through a lens differently.
The picture is much bigger than what's in front of your face.
Too many people are close to the trees right now and you don't see it.
You must look through a different lens. There's much more to this.
I'm getting it in my spirit. What's happening over here? Your eyes are over here.
"The young lady on the train, your eyes are over here."Remember her?
"The man, he did all this to her."This is over here. Everybody's over here. There's much distraction right now.
What's happening over here in the still of the night, when I warned you to pray for what's happening with Putin?
Okay, so then another thing, I gave you all a word from the Holy Spirit.
He said to watch South Korea. And so I wanted to play a part of a video of what we did here.
Son, do you have that ready? Last night, there was an explosion in South Korea.
Now, we can save that for another day because this is really probably not the time to do that.
But I had this ready for you, and I wanted you to see what was happening in South Korea, of what we told you prophetically was coming in the days ahead concerning North Korea, China, and Iran, and these other nations rising up with the BRICS to create their own superpower to combat the United States to bring forth the end-time beast system.
And that's what I believe is happening right now as we speak, with the blood moons and all this.
But let's just say a little prayer. I don't want to keep you. It's already really late, going on ten here.
So let's just pray. We'll take communion. I always take communion before I pray and seek the Father's face.
And so that's what I want you to do with me. If you have communion, we'll take communion, and we'll pray for his family right now.
Father, we lift up the body before you. We thank you, Lord, that you were wounded for our transgressions.
You were bruised for our iniquities. The chastisement of our peace was upon you, and with your stripes, Lord, we are healed.
And there's so many people that need healing, not just in their flesh, but Father, in their soul and their mind, their will, and their emotions.
And I thank you, Lord, that you took all that on the cross just for us.
You took this. You bore what you bore in your body. What you took in your body, we need not bear in our own.
You became sickness. You became disease for us. And Galatians says that Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law.
And I believe, Father, that we are healed and whole and well today. And we're no longer under the curse of the law.
We're delivered by your blood, by your body, what you did for us on that cross 2,000 years ago.
Thank you, Lord, that we don't have to have all this pain inside of our hearts.
That we cast our care over onto you for you care for us. We cast those cares right now in the name of Jesus.
We take the care out of our prayer in the mighty name of Jesus today. And we thank you.
Be careful for nothing, but in everything, let your requests be made known unto God.
And I thank you, Father, right now we make our requests known unto you as we come before you boldly in prayer tonight and we take this body in Jesus'name.
Amen. Now Lord, I plead the blood, I plead the blood over this nation.
I plead the blood over us and I thank you this represents your blood.
I apply the blood of Jesus over this nation as we enter into 9/11, as we enter into these days ahead for troubling days, troubled waters.
But Father, I thank you that you're the peace in the midst of the storm.
And I cover the blood of Jesus over my family and over everyone that's watching here tonight.
I cover them in the blood of Jesus. And I thank you that no weapon formed against them will prosper. Every tongue that rises against them, they'll condemn it.
And I thank you that a thousand shall fall at their side and 10,000 at their right hand, but nothing shall come nigh them.
And I take the blood of Jesus and I apply it. And we make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
And we take our authority right now in the name of Jesus that, Father, we are seated with you in the heavenlies far above all principalities and powers and might.
I believe, Father, that you've given us power and authority over the wicked.
And I believe, Father, this blood covers every single one of us and it never loses its power in the mighty name of Jesus.
And you take the blood right now. Thank you, Lord. Hallelujah.
Thank you, Father, for your covenant. Thank you, Lord, for your mercy. And Father, that's what we do tonight.
We cover now, Father, I lift up the family before you and we cover their hearts. We cover their minds.
I thank you, Lord, Father, that you're the Prince of Peace that passes all understanding.
You're flooding them right now in the name of Jesus—his wife, I don't even know her name, but Father, I thank you, Lord, that his wife is covered right now.
His mother, his father, his grandparents, all of whoever is still alive. Father, I cover them in the blood.
I cover those children in the blood as they're grieving for their father not coming home tonight.
I thank you, Lord, right now in the name of Jesus, that the Prince of Peace, the peace that passes all understanding, is flooding them right now in the name of Jesus, that as they are laying their head down trying to go to sleep tonight, Father, I thank you, Lord, that they would have sweet sleep.
I thank you, Father, that, Prince of Peace, Father, you have given them sweet sleep tonight, for you said you give your beloved sweet sleep, restful sleep.
They need the rest, and I thank you, Lord, there's a covering over their minds, there's a covering over them right now, those children tonight.
I cover them, Father, in the name of Jesus, and Father, I thank you, Lord, that the legacy of what this young man was standing for does not go in vain.
That the people rise up and be what you've called us to be with a backbone like a crowbar.
And we take our dominion and authority and we stand for what's right in this nation.
That we do not let this go. That we keep standing just like what he stood for.
And we stand for what's right and what's pure and what's holy: a family union, a marriage covenant, children, the unborn.
Father, I thank you, Lord, he stood for the unborn. He stood for what was good.
And we thank you, Lord, that the blood of Jesus covers his work and that this will be a point of people saying, "No, no, thus far and no further, Satan, you will not do this again."We cover our nation in the blood.
We cover our pastors in the blood. We cover our ministers in the blood of all denominations, whether it's Baptist, Methodist, Catholic, whatever.
We cover our ministers in the blood of Jesus. And Satan, you went too far.
And what you did, we call back sevenfold what you stole in Jesus'name.
And we thank you, Lord, that you are bringing forth your angels right now.
Warring angels, come now in the name of Jesus and protect our ministers, protect our politicians.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there are angelic hosts, angels, aid, and assistance.
There are angels protecting our men of the armed forces and our law enforcement, our FBI.
Father, I call whoever this person was that did this act, be brought to justice in the name of Jesus.
We call them exposed. We call them uncovered. We say you won't have any place to hide in the name of Jesus.
That even in the midst of the night, Father, I thank you, Lord, that they would turn themselves in for what they did in the name of Jesus.
There would be justice concerning his life in the mighty name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, for bringing this person in. Whoever did this heinous act, we call you uncovered.
We call you exposed in the mighty name of Jesus. Satan, you crossed the line.
We command recompense in Jesus'name, everything you stole.
We thank you, Lord, that you're bringing wisdom over our law enforcement right now—the FBI, Homeland Security, whoever it is.
You give them a mind, a supernatural mind, and you show them where this coward is hiding.
Thank you, Lord. We believe, Father, that righteousness and truth will prevail.
We believe that, Father, as a nation, we rise up and we take dominion and authority.
We pray over Don Jr. and over his life, and over Eric and the girls, Father, every single one of them.
I plead the blood of Jesus over the families, over Mike Pence—not Mike Pence, what's his name?
JD Vance. JD Vance. I pray over JD Vance in the name of Jesus and over his wife and his children. And I cover them in the name of Jesus.
And I thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against our vice president or president will prosper.
I cover our Congress and our Senate, and the ones that are there fighting for righteousness and truth.
We cover them in the name of Jesus. We thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against them will prosper.
That this kind of tragic event will not happen again in any area on anyone, Democrat or Republican.
We cover them, protect them with the blood of Jesus. We thank you, Lord, that the people would repent and change and turn from their wicked ways.
I thank you, Lord, that you said that the children would rise up.
Father, we would rise up, Father, and we would take the land for you.
We would rise up and take the land like Joshua, and we would take the land, Father, and we would say, "This is our land.
We will take the giants. We're not small like grasshoppers.
We're not like grasshoppers, but we're going and we're taking the land.
We're going to take the land for Jesus with the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen before.
We call forth the greatest harvest of souls. What the devil meant for bad, you're going to turn it around for good.
And we call those harvest of souls in right now in the name of Jesus.
From the north, the south, the east, the west, we say the eyes of their understanding would be enlightened.
For the Bible says that Satan has blinded the eyes of the unbeliever. And we say, eyes be opened to the light.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that their reprobate mind is no longer reprobate.
They would have eyes, and they would have a mind to, and they would receive the gospel.
They would hear that Jesus Christ is coming. No more blinded. No more of this fog over their thinking.
They would come to themselves in the name of Jesus with the darkness that I've seen coming.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that we rise up and there's a light. He told us it would be like a quarter.
It'd be either you focus on the light or you can focus on the dark.
It's your choice. But there is a light, and there is a darkness that is coming.
And you either focus on the light, ladies and gentlemen, or you can focus on the dark. But I choose to focus on the light.
And He said, 'Arise and shine, for the light has come, and the glory of the Lord is risen upon you tonight.'I believe that we are that salt in this earth, and it's time for us to do what God has called us to do and do it with great boldness and say, 'Father, here am I.
Send me into the neighborhoods. Here am I, Lord.'For He said, 'The harvest is plentiful, and the laborers are few,'but I refuse to be one of the ones sitting on the sidelines.
Put me in the game, coach. Put me in the game. Let's rise up and be who God's called us to be in this day, in this hour, like Charlie was. Be that voice.
Be that voice of purity crying out in the darkness, telling people that there is something to stand for other than the far-left craziness.
We must stand for righteousness. We have a window of opportunity.
The Lord has given us a three-year window now—three years and five whatever months with Trump still in office.
We have a window. Do not squander the window. What will you do? The Lord has told us so many times.
What will you do with this window of opportunity that I have given you?
Will you stick your head back in the sand like an ostrich and say, 'I don't see it because I'm too busy with my Monday through Friday and my Saturday and Sunday.
I give it to Jesus on Sunday, but I'm really too busy because I'm just trying to make ends meet'?
But there's so much more to what God has called you to do than just do your Monday through Friday. He wants us to be a light in the darkness.
And it's time for us to take that baton from our elders and say, 'We are the generation that will not taste death because we will see the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ in our lifetime.'You must know this.
I warn you as a watchman on the wall warning you that we're running out of time.
That this dispensation of grace is coming to an end, and judgment is coming.
Great tribulation is setting in, folks. And you can see it right now.
This is the point of no return. I've told you we're at the point of push and labor. No more epidural. There's no more time.
The Lord said, 'There comes a point in time that you're at the point of no return and you can't get an epidural anymore.
It's time to push.'And that's where we are right now. As labor pains upon a woman, so will it be when the Son of Man returns.
That's what you're seeing right now. Labor pains shaking in the natural.
He said, 'There'll be a shaking in the earth. There'll be a shaking in the heavens. There'll be a shaking in the political.
There'll be shaking in the finances, and there'll be a shaking in the church.'Five major shakings are coming, just like the Lord told us.
But my question to you is, do you know the Lord Jesus Christ? But even more, does He know you? Does Jesus know you?
If you were to die today, tomorrow like He died today, Charlie, would you go to heaven or would you go to hell?
Does Jesus know you? You may know a lot about Jesus. You may say, 'Brandon, I know a lot about you.
I've watched a lot of your videos,'but none of you truly know me, and I don't know you.
You know a lot about me, but do I know you? No. That's what it could be with the Father.
Does the Father know you? You may know a lot about Him because you heard about Him in church.
You may have gone a couple of times. You may have heard about it in Bible school or whatever.
But does He know you? If you were to die today, just like he did, where would you spend eternity?
There's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun, ladies and gentlemen, and I'm trying to warn you that you may not be here tomorrow.
He didn't think he was going home today. He didn't. But today, the undertaker took his shoes off.
Do you understand that? I want you to search your heart today.
You're watching this right now. And I want you to search inside of yourself.
Where would I spend eternity? The Bible says that no man comes to the Father unless he's drawn by Him.
And you're here not by coincidence, but because you're curious. You're wanting to know, 'Where are we?
What's going on?'But the only reason I'm here on this YouTube channel ever is to tell you that Jesus Christ is coming, and you need to repent and get your heart right before Him before it's too late.
I want you to search your heart right now. I want you to really search your soul right now and go deep down inside and say, 'Does Jesus know me?
Am I sold out to Him? Are you confident that if you died today, you know where you would spend eternity?'As you watch this, I want to lead you in a prayer.
I want you to know for sure where you would spend eternity. And I want you to really, really think about it right now.
And if you want to accept the Lord Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, just like Charlie did—what he stood for, he truly knew the Father, and I believe the Father truly knew him.
Do you want to make sure? I want you to make sure today that if you die today just like he did, where would you spend eternity?
If you don't know, then today is your day. Today's your day. I want you right now to really search your heart.
And if this is speaking to you, and you feel that tugging on the inside of you, and you're backsliding, you're wayward, you haven't been living right, you've been living like the world—if you were in a lineup and you had to pick a Christian out, they wouldn't be able to tell you from the world.
They'd say, 'I don't know, you blend too well.'But the Bible says we're to be called and be separate from among them, being the light and the salt in this generation, not blending in.
We have to be called and be holy as He is holy. We need to stand for what's right, not living like the world.
Because we're in a day and hour that no man knows when the Son of Man returns. Everybody's saying the 23rd.
I don't believe that because there's too many people saying it, and no man will know.
No man will know the day or the hour when the Son of Man returns. It's going to be shock and awe.
He's going to come back when you least expect it—shock and awe, like a thief in the night.
When does a thief come? When you're not ready, when you're asleep—as a thief in the night. I want you tonight to search yourself.
But if you are here and you want to accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, and you're watching this right now, before I go on, I just feel an urge to tell you: tonight is your night.
I want you to comment in the comment section down below. I want you to tell everybody, 'Today's my day.
I'm coming home to Jesus. Today's my day. I'm giving my life over to Jesus.
I want to come back to Jesus today.'I want you to say it in the comments down below so we know who we're praying for.
But I want you to be bold about it. Jesus died for you publicly, and I want you to make a public declaration to Him.
I want you to be bold about who you are and say, 'I need Jesus today.'Say it: 'I need Jesus today.'Today is your day of salvation.
And at the count of three, I'm going to say the prayer, and I want you to say it with me. One, two, three.
'I need to be saved.'Say it: 'I need to be saved.'If you believe tonight's your night, you want to get saved.
Tonight's your night. I want to pray for you just as you are without one plea.
It's that thy blood that was shed for me. Do you believe today that Jesus Christ loves you?
Do you believe today it's time to come home? Stop running. Charlie knew him.
But does he? And I believe Jesus knew Charlie. But today, does he know you?
That's what I want to ask you. Are there people coming? All right.
Well, we're gonna say this prayer, and it's a simple prayer. People make it too complicated.
I'm gonna tell you, I'm the most unreligious person on YouTube. I just am sold out to Jesus.
All this other stuff doesn't matter what denomination you claim.
Well, I'm Baptist. I'm Methodist. I'm Catholic. I'm Episcopalian.
I don't care what you are, what you thought you were. I'm a born-again Christian, and that's what matters to me.
Being sold out to Jesus, not to a religion. I think religion is terrible, but relationship is beautiful.
It's about Jesus knowing you and having a relationship with him.
And this is how you do it. A simple prayer right here. All you have to do is say this after me.
Say, "Jesus, I believe you're the son of God. I believe that you died and you rose again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner, and I need a savior. I ask you to forgive me of my sins.
I ask you to forgive me of my past sins. Cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
Wash me in your precious blood. Today I want to be a born-again Christian.
Today I want to serve you from this day forward. I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil. And from this day forward, I serve you.
I'm sold out to you. I give my life to you. Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Lord, thank you that you forgive me. Thank you, Lord, that you don't hold it against me.
Glory to God. I feel the presence of the Lord so strong. Thank you for writing my name.
Thank you, Lord, for making me clean. I'll serve you from this day forward in the name of Jesus.
Amen and amen."Simple, but it's from the heart, isn't it? It's not perfect.
It's like, "Well, it's a hermeneutical, theological type of a prayer."Well, you had to make it all...
No, it's just from the heart. With the heart, confession is made unto salvation.
Now you're here and you say, "Well, what now?"Well, you go to a Bible-believing church.
Find a Bible-believing church. I would say a non-denominational church. That's where I would go.
And I would find a good Bible-believing church and tell that pastor, "I just got born again watching a man on YouTube, and I need to be water baptized.
I need to be water baptized. Get water baptized. Get water baptized."Then plug yourself in there at that church.
Go to Sunday church, Wednesday church, whatever you can do to get plugged in there and learn about this new life, about your new Christian walk with the Lord.
Get plugged in there. Read your Bible every single day. Pray every single day. And that's the beginning of your Christian walk.
Now, if you stumble and you fall and you skin your knee and you go, "Well, man, I messed up again.
Now, God, I'm all back into where I was."The moment you sin, you run to God when you sin.
You don't run away from him. You run to God when you sin. You don't run away from him.
And the moment you confess your sin to him and tell him, "Hey, I messed up,"is not when he found out about it.
It's when you got rid of it. The moment you confess that sin is the moment you got rid of it. He's not surprised. Jesus, did you realize...
God's over there talking to Jesus, goes, "Do you realize he messed up today?"He goes, "Yeah, Father, I knew it.
But he's up there making intercession for you."It said, "Where sin abounds, grace does much more abound."And he's up there, and he has his arms wide open for you.
He's at the door, always knocking on the door. Don't run from God. Run to God.
He loves you, and he has a plan for your life, but it's your choice.
You walk out the salvation, walk your life out with fear and trembling.
You go before him daily and say, "Father, I need your help. I can't do this without you.
I'm sold out to you. I need you to lead and guide me into every single area of my life.
I can't do this without you. I'm no longer steering this boat.
I'm no longer steering this plane. Whatever you want to call it, you are the leader of my life.
And I wait on you."And I believe with all my heart he will change you from the inside out.
Now if you're here and you tell me, "Brandon, I can't afford a Bible. I am broke.
I'm struggling to even get my rent paid this month or whatever."Guess what?
Diana, my wife, and I want to bless you with your first Bible.
If you are a person who just got born again, if you gave your heart to Jesus Christ tonight on this broadcast, we don't ever ask for nothing, but we want to give you something.
And that's a Bible. And I want you to go in the description down below.
There's an email there. And I want you to email us at that email address. We'll never solicit you for anything else.
It's just to get your address to celebrate your new dedication to Jesus.
And we want to give you a Bible for free. It's usually the New King James, the Living Bible...
What? New Living Translation. New Living Translation. Amplified. There's a couple of them that I'll give you.
I don't like all the translations right now; they're trying to really mess with the word.
Just tell us which one you want. Yeah. Just tell us which one of those you want.
But we'll send you a Bible for free just because we're just wanting to celebrate your life and what you did tonight.
But I personally read the New King James. But we just want to love on you and tell you God has a plan for your life, and we're excited.
So put, "I can't afford a Bible. I just got saved on your broadcast,"and we'll be able to see it.
That's what my wife's been working all night. We had 200 and some last night. We had so many people...
Diana's saying, "There's so many people coming to Jesus on this channel, and we have a list of people asking for a Bible."So, please be patient with us.
My wife's only one person, and she's doing the best she can to get it out and answer all your emails.
"So, put your address in the body of the email.""Yeah, I told them."Okay.
So she comes in for the altar call. She's helping pray for y'all.
So, but that's what I had on that part of it. But let's pray a little bit.
You want to go tubing a little bit? We can pray. I don't know who wants to be here.
It's getting late. But we can pray for about 30 minutes maybe.
Are they saying in the comment section they want to pray? All right, let's tube a little bit.
If you want to spend some time with me, I'll pray. I was going to pray anyway.
So, and I believe in Acts chapter 2. I believe in the baptism of the Holy Ghost.
And if you want to know more about the baptism of the Holy Ghost, get the book "Why Tongues"by Kenneth E.
Hagin. It's a simple little book. It's about a dollar off of Amazon.
You probably could find it for free online, but it's a little short read, and it talks about the baptism of the Holy Ghost and how it's for every believer.
And I believe that every believer has the ability to pray in tongues.
So, I want you to read that book instead of me taking the time always to explain everything.
I did salvation, but you find out about the baptism of the Holy Ghost through "Why Tongues"by Kenneth E.
Hagin. He's a spiritual father. You go on there and you read about that and it will change your life.
But we're going to pray. I don't pray in English a lot. I pray in tongues.
So, that's what I'm doing. So, a lot of people go, "What are you doing? What is he doing?
Now, he's speaking some weird language."Yeah, it may sound weird to the natural ear, but I'm praying in the spirit.
And the natural man perceiveth not the things of God. And I want you to know that that's what I'm doing.
It's nothing weird. It's just praying in the spirit, okay? So, Father, I just yield to you tonight.
And I thank you, Lord, that you show us that which is to come as the watchman on the wall.
And we plead the blood of Jesus over this beautiful nation tonight and all around the world.
And we thank you, Lord, that, Father, you said, preach the gospel throughout the whole world as a witness, and then the end would come.
And I believe we're right there. And Jesus Christ is coming, folks.
But I believe there's certain people that need to hear it in Asia.
There's certain people that need to hear this in the Middle East.
And there's a great harvest of souls, even more to come still.
So, we're going to pray into this and we're going to believe God that he'll show us what we need to pray for.
I mean, he always does. But we're going to just jump in the river.
Father, we just give you glory, honor, and praise, Father, for all that you've done, and I yield over to you.
Have your own way, Lord. Have your own way. You are the potter.
I am the clay. Father, I thank you that we fill our cup, Lord. I lift it up.
Lord, come and quench this thirsting of my soul. Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup. Fill it up and make me whole. Fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of my soul. Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup, fill it up and make me whole. Fill my cup, Lord. I lift it up.
Lord, come and quench this thirsting of my soul. Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup. Fill it up and make me whole. Bread of heaven, feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup, fill it up, and make me whole. We sing one more song.
I believe in miracles. I've seen a soul set free. Miraculous the change in one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod. I believe in miracles for I believe in God.
I believe. If you're believing for a miracle right now, believe with me.
All you have to do is just receive it. Just receive it right where you're sitting right now.
Whatever you have need of, God has already provided for it. You just say, 'I believe I receive my healing right now in the name of Jesus.
I believe I receive everything the Lord has for me. I will lack no good thing.'And so, we're going to sing it.
We're going to keep singing as I sing. You just believe you receive.
Father, I believe I receive. There's an expiration date to my problem.
There's an expiration date to my bad marriage. There's an expiration date to my runaway children. There's an expiration date to this drug problem.
There's an expiration date to whatever you have need of, to alcohol addiction, to drugs, to whatever, maybe sexual perversion.
I have an expiration date to whatever it is that the devil threw at me.
There's an expiration date to it. Believe that today for yourself.
And I'm going to sing this song and you just receive it. Not that my singing is that good, but I'm just singing.
I just believe in the power of worship. I'm just going to believe with you and you just sing it.
Say, 'I believe in miracles. I've seen a soul set free. Miraculous the change in one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod. I believe in miracles for I believe in God.
I believe in miracles. I've seen a soul set free. Miraculous the change in one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod. I believe in miracles for I believe in God.'Thank you, Lord.
We believe in the promise that Jesus Christ paid the price for it all.
Thank you, Lord, that you've healed us from head to toe. We lack no good thing, Lord.
Now, Father, we lift up this nation before you. And I just want to pray in the spirit for a little bit, okay?
You pray with me, and we yield ourselves over to you, Holy Spirit.
And we pray in the spirit. And we thank you, Lord, that you show us that which is to come.
Father, we pray over every one of our commercial airlines right now in the name of Jesus. American Air in particular.
We pray over every one of our airlines right now in the name of Jesus, and we thank you, Lord, there is a divine protection over the flights over this nation.
We pray over our planes around the Dallas Fort Worth area. We pray over our planes, over American Airlines planes.
We thank you, Lord, that no weapon formed against our planes will prosper over the air, the FAA.
We pray over the FAA. Even things that would look like an accident.
Even things that would look like an accident, that is not for us.
Let every plot, every plan of the wicked be uncovered in the name of Jesus.
The hidden things, the hidden things to be uncovered in the name of Jesus.
We pray for an exposing of darkness concerning these things.
In the name of Jesus, I see a dome full of people again. I see a dome full of people.
Again, this is a coliseum for football. And it's American football. This is not soccer.
This is an American football stadium that I'm seeing because it's not shaped like a baseball stadium.
This is shaped like a football stadium. It's high on the sides and I can see this thing and it's highlighted to me.
It's full of people, I believe. There's no roof on the top. Well, most college stadiums are that way.
I think probably all are, but I see the roof is gone. So, this is not it.
This does not look like NFL to me. Yeah, it's for sure. Major gathering events.
You hear me? Show me. Show me of this stadium, son. I'm seeing the outfits that the people are wearing.
Austin, what the Texas Longhorns outside. I want to see this.
No, no, no. I don't want to break the flow, so I'm not going to look.
You save it for me for later. Oh, look at me. Most coordinator as an example.
As an example of what they stand for. As an example. I hear the words, 'as an example of what they stand for.'Do you hear?
Do you hear what of the area of which they stand for? The greater the voice, the greater the persecution.
Do you hear what the spirit of the Lord says? 'As an example, to be shown as an example that no one is safe.'Yeah.
So we break that down in the name of Jesus. We break that down.
No, you're not doing that. You're not doing that. I see it. You're not doing that.
You're not doing that. Again, I see Macy's again. And it was split with the Olympics. But the Olympics was out like this.
And I could, it was further down, certain events, praying over these certain events.
Macy's, an uncovering of every single area. An uncovering.
The Lord said, 'Focus on the task at hand. There's many things to pray over. We have lots of work to do.
It's like you see a scroll, and there's a lot of things and as you unwind it, there's layers of things that you're to pray for.'The Lord says there is a task at hand.
We must keep standing and praying over the course of some time frame here, you know, February, November, Thanksgiving weekend, Thanksgiving Day, that'd be Thanksgiving Day, all these things, praying over this, praying over our economy, praying over these things.
And that's why you keep coming back, we keep praying. There's much more to pray, the Lord says, but I'm seeing layers.
It's not a one and done. You understand? It's an intercession. You keep praying.
Now, the Lord said, "Keep praying."We're going to pray into that young man, that they find this person who did this heinous act.
Okay, so that's where we're going right now in this. So we're going to pray. Use your faith where you are.
Pray in English, whatever you got to do to pray for this person to be found, that this won't be like a JFK.
You understand? We need to be—this person needs to be brought to justice now.
I don't even know if they have found them, but I'm going to tell you this, that we're going to believe God if they haven't.
But I feel inside to pray for this, okay? And whoever else was attached to it—it's more than one.
I see it's more than one. Oh, I can't say that over a livestream.
Oh, Father, we thank you, Lord. No, even the ones driving away on the highways.
Even the one driving away on the highway in the truck. Even the one fleeing in the truck.
Who is this in the truck? Who is that? I just thank you, Lord, that they're found.
I thank you, Lord, that they're found. They can't hide, even under a rock.
They will not hide. They will be brought to justice. There's no place you can hide.
Even in that hotel, even in the bar, even in wherever, in the mountainsides, it doesn't matter.
You will be found in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, we thank you, Lord, for angels'aid and assistance.
We thank you, Lord, for angels'aid and assistance concerning this person, concerning them right now.
Father, I thank you, Lord. I thank you for angels'aid and assistance.
Oh, Father, we thank you, Lord, in the name of Jesus. We give you praise and glory.
We thank you, Lord. All people that are guilty be found. All of them.
Anyone who's attached to this at all levels. We thank you, Lord. Now, I'm seeing again.
It went from there, and I went to New York City, and I see buildings that are rumbling with smoke and fire.
I see a major building burning with fire, but it's an explosion from the inside out again.
I see it. This looks just like the 9/11 event with the plane, the way it was smoking.
You know how it was all smoking. But this is coming from the inside out—another major building.
I see this building, and it's very clear. And I see glass falling.
I see the glass falling in New York at a major building there.
Lord, what building is this? It's one of Trump's buildings.
I see that van again—that white cargo van again. I see a white cargo van.
I see it so clear. They never went away. The white cargo van. I see it.
It's parked underneath a building. This van is parked underneath a building in a parking garage.
This van is in a parking garage. It's a white van, and it has no windows on the sides.
It's a metal van, like a metal cargo van. I see it. It is parked next to a concrete support structure.
It's a piece of concrete by it. It's a round-looking structure, and it's underneath the ground.
This van is underneath the ground, okay? And it's parked underneath there, and it's abandoned.
This van is abandoned in a concrete structure. There's dark tint on the front windows—in the passenger side and the driver's side.
There's dark tint. So if you see this van, there's dark tint on the windows.
It looks like a GMC van. It's a GMC. That's the way it's shaped.
At least it's a big one. Thank you, Lord. All hidden things be revealed, Lord.
Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord, for helping us.
Thank you, Lord, that you expose the darkness. You expose the darkness. There's one, two, three, four—it looks like five there.
It's hard to make out because I'm standing on the outside looking on the inside, but there's like four, for sure, 50-gallon drums.
One, two, three, four, five. And there's wires that go on the top of them. I see wires that connect them.
They're like what you would hook up electricity with, and they go from each one, and they're all connected to it.
This one up here has twisty wires on it. I see like twisty wires that look like almost like those curly Q fries.
You know, that's the way the wire looks in this one right here.
I see it. It's curly Q right here. It's very clear in the vision that I have right there.
They never went away. Just buried for another day. They just went away for a day.
They just went away. Do you understand? The plots and the plans are still a go.
They had to hide back away. Exposing, exposing, exposing. And it causes them to hide like cockroaches.
They try to run away. They want to catch you off guard like Pearl Harbor.
They want to catch you off guard when you're not watching, when you least expect it.
And then, now I see smoke blowing again in France. I was taken immediately to France, and I see a false flag event coming.
I cannot touch that anymore. The Lord said, "Be still."I see the scorpion again.
I see the scorpion again in the king. I see England. I see Buckingham Palace.
An escalation. You will see an escalation. Soon you will see an escalation out of desperation.
Out of desperation and escalation. You need to hear that. That's what's about to happen.
Out of desperation and escalation, a game of chess. I see Putin.
There's a chess game being played right now with both sides—NATO and with him.
A chess game is playing right now. Who will sacrifice their pawn to kick this thing off at another level?
Who will sacrifice their queen? Who will sacrifice their—it's a chess game to provoke, to poke the bear, to poke back. Each one is like the bully in the schoolyard.
One threatening, "Oh, you meet me out here, we're going to do this.""Oh no, you throw the first punch.""No, you throw the first punch."But both want to fight, but both are really scared because really, both don't know—both want to blame the other.
You don't want to be the instigator. You hear what I hear? What I hear here is you don't want to be the instigator.
You want to be the victim, but you want to provoke. Drones over Poland.
Here comes another one over here. Remember what I'm telling you.
I hear, who will provoke who first to push the buttons? Who will provoke who first?
I'm putting my chess piece over here. Will you strike the queen?
I'm going to provoke you. That's what I'm hearing. It's a schoolyard bully, but it's like a chess game match.
No one wants to take the blame when it really comes down to it.
Who's the victim? "Well, you know, I had to do what I had to do.
They did it first. They threw the first punch."Glory to God.
That's what you're seeing right now. It's a dance between—I see the King of England.
I see Macron. I see the Prime Minister of Germany. I see the Prime Minister of Italy. It's an intercession. You keep praying.
Now, the Lord said, "Keep praying."We're going to pray into that young man, that they find this person who did this heinous act.
Okay, so that's where we're going right now in this. So we're going to pray. Use your faith where you are.
Pray in English, whatever you got to do to pray for this person to be found, that this won't be like a JFK.
You understand? We need to be—this person needs to be brought to justice now.
I don't even know if they have found them, but I'm going to tell you this, that we're going to believe God if they haven't.
But I feel inside to pray for this, okay? And whoever else was attached to it—it's more than one.
I see it's more than one. Oh, I can't say that over a livestream.
Oh, Father, we thank you, Lord. No, even the ones driving away on the highways.
Even the one driving away on the highway in the truck. Even the one fleeing in the truck.
Who is this in the truck? Who is that? I just thank you, Lord, that they're found.
I thank you, Lord, that they're found. They can't hide, even under a rock.
They will not hide. They will be brought to justice. There's no place you can hide.
Even in that hotel, even in the bar, even in wherever, in the mountainsides, it doesn't matter.
You will be found in the name of Jesus. In the name of Jesus, we thank you, Lord, for angels'aid and assistance.
We thank you, Lord, for angels'aid and assistance concerning this person, concerning them right now.
Father, I thank you, Lord. I thank you for angels'aid and assistance.
Oh, Father, we thank you, Lord, in the name of Jesus. We give you praise and glory.
We thank you, Lord. All people that are guilty be found. All of them.
Anyone who's attached to this at all levels. We thank you, Lord. Now, I'm seeing again.
It went from there, and I went to New York City, and I see buildings that are rumbling with smoke and fire.
I see a major building burning with fire, but it's an explosion from the inside out again.
I see it. This looks just like the 9/11 event with the plane, the way it was smoking.
You know how it was all smoking. But this is coming from the inside out—another major building.
I see this building, and it's very clear. And I see glass falling.
I see the glass falling in New York at a major building there.
Lord, what building is this? It's one of Trump's buildings.
I see that van again—that white cargo van again. I see a white cargo van.
I see it so clear. They never went away. The white cargo van. I see it.
It's parked underneath a building. This van is parked underneath a building in a parking garage.
This van is in a parking garage. It's a white van, and it has no windows on the sides.
It's a metal van, like a metal cargo van. I see it. It is parked next to a concrete support structure.
It's a piece of concrete by it. It's a round-looking structure, and it's underneath the ground.
This van is underneath the ground, okay? And it's parked underneath there, and it's abandoned.
This van is abandoned in a concrete structure. There's dark tint on the front windows—in the passenger side and the driver's side.
There's dark tint. So if you see this van, there's dark tint on the windows.
It looks like a GMC van. It's a GMC. That's the way it's shaped.
At least it's a big one. Thank you, Lord. All hidden things be revealed, Lord.
Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord, for helping us.
Thank you, Lord, that you expose the darkness. You expose the darkness. There's one, two, three, four—it looks like five there.
It's hard to make out because I'm standing on the outside looking on the inside, but there's like four, for sure, 50-gallon drums.
One, two, three, four, five. And there's wires that go on the top of them. I see wires that connect them.
They're like what you would hook up electricity with, and they go from each one, and they're all connected to it.
This one up here has twisty wires on it. I see like twisty wires that look like almost like those curly Q fries.
You know, that's the way the wire looks in this one right here.
I see it. It's curly Q right here. It's very clear in the vision that I have right there.
They never went away. Just buried for another day. They just went away for a day.
They just went away. Do you understand? The plots and the plans are still a go.
They had to hide back away. Exposing, exposing, exposing. And it causes them to hide like cockroaches.
They try to run away. They want to catch you off guard like Pearl Harbor.
They want to catch you off guard when you're not watching, when you least expect it.
And then, now I see smoke blowing again in France. I was taken immediately to France, and I see a false flag event coming.
I cannot touch that anymore. The Lord said, "Be still."I see the scorpion again.
I see the scorpion again in the king. I see England. I see Buckingham Palace.
An escalation. You will see an escalation. Soon you will see an escalation out of desperation.
Out of desperation and escalation. You need to hear that. That's what's about to happen.
Out of desperation and escalation, a game of chess. I see Putin.
There's a chess game being played right now with both sides—NATO and with him.
A chess game is playing right now. Who will sacrifice their pawn to kick this thing off at another level?
Who will sacrifice their queen? Who will sacrifice their—it's a chess game to provoke, to poke the bear, to poke back. Each one is like the bully in the schoolyard.
One threatening, "Oh, you meet me out here, we're going to do this.""Oh no, you throw the first punch.""No, you throw the first punch."But both want to fight, but both are really scared because really, both don't know—both want to blame the other.
You don't want to be the instigator. You hear what I hear? What I hear here is you don't want to be the instigator.
You want to be the victim, but you want to provoke. Drones over Poland.
Here comes another one over here. Remember what I'm telling you.
I hear, who will provoke who first to push the buttons? Who will provoke who first?
I'm putting my chess piece over here. Will you strike the queen?
I'm going to provoke you. That's what I'm hearing. It's a schoolyard bully, but it's like a chess game match.
No one wants to take the blame when it really comes down to it.
Who's the victim? "Well, you know, I had to do what I had to do.
They did it first. They threw the first punch."Glory to God.
That's what you're seeing right now. It's a dance between—I see the King of England.
I see Macron. I see the Prime Minister of Germany. I see the Prime Minister of Italy.
We're excited that Jesus is coming. Ladies and gentlemen, it's time to get excited.
It's time to have anticipation for the manifestations of the glory like we've never seen before. It's time to see it on every area of your life.
Father, having a visible demonstration and manifestation of the glory in your household that we're the salt.
People say, "What's so different about them? Why are they...
what's going on with them?"They've got Jesus. It's not religion; it's relationship.
Religion is terrible. Relationship is beautiful. He's coming back with a bride that has her vessel full of oil.
And we're anticipating the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
But there's work to do in Asia. There's work to do. There's so many people.
And we thank you, Lord, for revival in Asia. We call for revival in Australia tonight.
We call for revival in these areas, in the Philippines and all throughout Taiwan, South Korea, and North Korea.
We call for revival in the name of Jesus all throughout Africa, Europe, and South America, all throughout Brazil and all around.
Father, we call for revival in Venezuela. We call for revival in the name of Jesus. We thank you, Lord, that this is an awakening unto God.
We call forth an awakening unto God in the name of Jesus for one last call, one last push. Jesus is coming, and we give you glory, honor, and praise.
Father, we thank you for divine protection over our nation, and all the cells of terrorists will be uncovered.
Every single one, the ten cities, we call them uncovered in the name of Jesus, going into 9/11 in the next couple of hours. We thank you, Lord.
Well, in thirty minutes, we thank you, Lord, that you're uncovering the terrorist organizations throughout this land, that you're giving Trump, Homeland Security, and our law enforcement wisdom on where these cockroaches are hiding.
Expose the darkness in the name of Jesus. We will not have another 9/11 event.
We will not have that. That's what we stand for: peace in the name of Jesus.
Thank you, Lord. What the devil meant for bad, God, you're going to turn around for good. Are all hearts clear? That's what I have to ask the Lord.
"Are you done tonight, sir?"He said, "Keep praying."They're still praying over this event, over a football stadium.
Okay, y'all. This is really serious. He's brought it up twice now.
He said, "Pray over the football stadium. Pray over this attack concerning a football game."Okay. So we're going to pray for that for ten more minutes.
Pray with us for ten more minutes over football stadiums, American football, college ball, praying over our college campuses.
See, isn't it interesting? The devil will try to attack where the revival will be greatest among young people.
So he brings fear. His main method of operation is to kill, steal, and destroy; to bring fear.
But perfect love casteth out all fear because fear has torment.
So instantaneously the devil tries to combat love, which is love. Perfect love casteth out all fear. Fear has torment.
So he tries to bring fear on college campuses like he did today with the young man to bring people to a point of, "You don't want to go there,"because God wants to bring great revival on college campuses.
And I've seen it at Oral Roberts University and other universities all around America, bringing places of hotspots of revival like Asbury to bring forth for the young generation for great revival.
So here is a plot and a plan I'm seeing in the spirit realm about an attack against college campuses.
Okay. So we diffuse the enemy's plan in the name of Jesus. All hidden things be revealed.
So we'll pray. So that's what I'm trying to tell y'all, because he doesn't think on his own.
His main plan is always to try to disrupt the glory, to always try to disrupt the souls so people don't get saved, people don't get delivered, people don't get free.
You know, he doesn't care about any of you other than to make sure that he causes pain to God.
And what causes pain to God is to see his kids go to hell by not accepting Jesus Christ. Do you understand? He doesn't care.
He's like, "Well, you are an apparatus for him to use."If you work on the devil's side, he doesn't care about you.
All he wants to do is to use you for that season and then cast you aside and make sure you go to hell. His whole method of operation is to just be mean.
But the Lord said, "I have come that you might have life and life more abundantly, to the extreme, until it overflows."He wants you to have an overflow and abundant life with love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, gentleness, self-control.
He wants you to operate in the fullness of the Holy Spirit. And that's what the Spirit brings: love, joy, peace, patience.
He wants you to be filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit.
That's what he's after. The Lord wants you to be filled with it. Why? Because he is joy. He is peace. He is patience.
But the devil, all he wants to do is get you out of the way, eat you, and go on to the next.
He comes as a roaring lion seeking whom he may devour. Well, who are the ones whom he can devour?
He devours the ones that are not filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost.
You've got to be filled with the Spirit. Be being filled. You've got to be filled with the Holy Spirit every single day.
Just be filled with it. Drink from the water in the well. "Oh, Lord, you're beautiful.
Your face is all I seek."That's what you've got to do every single day. Father, I just thank you, Lord, for this wonderful day.
I just thank you, Lord, that you inhabit the praises of your people today.
Lord, we worship you. We give you glory. And you fill yourself up and then you dump yourself out for the people.
Glory, glory, glory. Hallelujah. Father, we thank you, Lord, for these college stadiums right now in the name of Jesus.
For every single game from OU to Texas to Michigan to all around America.
We thank you, Lord, for every college campus, not just for this weekend, but for this weekend all the way through.
We thank you, Lord, that there is a divine protection on the college campuses watching the football games.
NFL, we pray for the NFL and the Super Bowl. We call for divine protection over our sporting events, and we say even the World Series.
We pray for even the World Series. My goodness, for the New York Yankees.
We pray over the New York Yankees, over their stadium, over this area in New York.
We thank you, Lord, for divine protection over this area in the name of Jesus, over the Hudson River, over this area. We thank you, Lord, for exposing darkness.
Now, like I said, I don't have any more for English, but I'm going to pray in the spirit a little bit longer over this, and you can pray in your language, too. Okay? We thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, for your great hand of protection over our college campuses, over our areas of sporting events, the gathering of the tailgate parties.
We call the tailgate parties protected in the name of Jesus over every college campus.
The tailgate parties. Yep, that's the hotspot right there.
You see that? I felt it immediately. It's the tailgate parties.
So it's the college. He's showing me the direction of what I'm praying for.
But tailgate parties when they're out there partying before the game.
Yep, that's it. Over every tailgate party. I thank you, Lord.
They're drinking beer and partying, and they're not conscious of where they are.
They are drunk. Their senses are not alerted. Their senses are not heightened.
Some of them have had a little bit too much, and their minds are foggy.
Yep. For sure. We call forth a dethroning, a de-escalation.
Whatever this is, this plot of a mass casualty event concerning tailgate parties.
Concerning tailgate parties, barbecue. I see barbecue smoke.
Thank you, Lord. More than one place at one time. I see a red and white, and I believe that's Alabama.
I see red and white. It's because it's not a bright red. This is a dark red like Alabama-looking color. White and red.
I'm not going to assume though, okay, but I see red and white, and then I see the burnt orange, and it looks like Texas.
This is why I said that it looks just like the Longhorns. Does Texas and OU still play at the Cotton Bowl in Dallas?
Everything has been around Texas. What I'm trying to tell you all, Lord said, 'Don't add to it, Brandon.
Just keep praying.'Yep. Pray for me. Here it comes. Yeah, I see it.
A great shaking to awaken is coming. A great shaking to awaken is coming.
I hear the spirit of the Lord. A great shaking to awaken. Awaken.
Awaken, church. A great shaking to awaken. There's so many that are asleep.
There's so many that are asleep. He said a great shaking to awaken is coming.
Waves of shaking. Waves of shaking to awaken. Oh, glory to God today.
Thank you, Lord. Thank you, Lord. Glory to God. We thank you, Lord, that we have the victory.
Now, everybody praise him right where you're at. Thank you, Lord, that we have the victory over everything we've prayed tonight.
Thank you, Lord, that we have the victory that overcomes the world, even our faith.
Thank you, Lord, that you've given us the victory. Thank you, Lord, that you're protecting our president.
Thank you, Lord, that you're protecting our family. Thank you, Lord, that you're bringing prosperity for us, that we lack no good thing.
Thank you, Lord, that everything we have need of, Father, you provided.
Thank you, Lord. Father, we give you praise and glory. Thank you for the breakthrough.
We give you praise and breakthrough. We shout the victory. We shout the victory, Father.
We thank you Lord that we have that victory in the name of Jesus over these areas for divine protection over our land in Jesus'name.
That we're always—every believer is always—in the right place at the right time doing exactly what the Father has called us to do.
That we will fear nothing, for perfect love casteth out all fear.
My Father loves me. My Father loves me, and I have tither's rights.
God protects me. I believe it. It's something I don't earn and something I don't deserve.
My Father loves me in Jesus'name. And that's how we'll end this tonight.
God bless you all. Thank you for praying with me, and we give all the glory to Jesus.
We give all of the glory to Jesus and tell of his love, his wonderful love.
We give all of the glory to Jesus and tell of his wonderful love.
Do you believe that? It's time to give all the glory to Jesus today.
God bless you all. If you could please, please help me out. Could you help me?
I never ask you for nothing. Freely I've been given. Freely I give out. But I do ask you for this. Subscribe.
If you're new here and you've never been a part of our prayer channel, please subscribe.
We're believing for a million men and women prayer army to raise up a prayer army throughout this whole world, and that we will pray and change things.
That he will show us that which is to come, and that we will pray to things and change it.
And that we'll always have a divine protection, that we know that when we take communion, we have authority.
We believe it. We're a believing believer that we have healing.
We have power on the inside of us to raise the dead, to cast out devils.
Freely we've been given. Freely we give it out. All that. I believe that God's called us and chose us for such a time as this.
And you're not here by coincidence. You're here for a purpose. So, I'm thankful for every single one of you.
But if you could like, subscribe, comment something nice down below after this video is over. It helps with the algorithm.
You know, I'm probably not one of YouTube's best—they like me a lot because of what I say—but because of you all, because of how kind you've been to me, you help me get the gospel spread throughout the world.
And like I said in the comments down below, I never will ask you for nothing.
So, if you have somebody asking you for something, it is a con.
It is a crook. Do not listen to them. I had one lady say, 'I sent all my jewelry to him, Brandon.
I thought I was blessing you.'I said, 'Oh, honey, I never will ask you for a dime. Never ask you for nothing.
I just ask you to pray for me as I pray for you.'We love you, and I want to tell you we'll be back soon.
I'll probably do another—I feel a real pressure—I don't want to say pressure, but just an urgency is what I want to say.
An urgency to pray over the month of September, for the Lord told us this would be a month to remember.
So we see it, and it's happening as we speak. God bless you all.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you so much, and we love you. We'll see you again next time. God bless you all. Bye-bye.